WIP docs for deepfreeze whatsnew (#14)
Fidget-Spinner/cpython: Doc/whatsnew/3.11.rst

Faster Startup
--------------

Static Code objects
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

.. sectionauthor:: Kumar Aditya

Python uses code objects to represent executable code for the interpreter

> which is allocated on heap by unmarshalling the bytecode. In Python 3.11,

Reviewer: This first line is pretty loaded. I don't mean to insult, but as a non-expert in this area, I'm quite lost.

To clarify, do you mean that the previous startup is:
```
marshalled code object (contains bytecode) -----(unmarshall/deserialize)------> heap code object
```
and with the new method, static code objects skip the first part and the unmarshalling phase?

Author: Yeah, so here is the entire process:

Python caches the bytecode in `__pycache__` directory to skip the reading the source code  everytime the script is executed, it is converted to a heap allocated code objects which is what the interpreter operates on and these code objects are created by unmarshalling process which reads the bytecode and creates code objects.

So without deepfreeze python execution (assuming bytecode cache exists): 

```console
Read bytecode cache -> unmarshal -> Heap alloc code object -> ceval.c
```

With deepfreeze:
```console
Statically allocated code objects (1) -> ceval.c
```

So deepfreeze skips the first there stages of execution to speed up the execution.

(1) - there is some book keeping to ensure proper deallocation of these code objects as cpython currently does not support immortal objects.

Author: @Fidget-Spinner I'll update the docs, I had created this PR just so I don't forget about it. Feel free to ask any thing more about deepfreeze.

Reviewer: Ah got it. The bookkeeping about fake "immortal" objects is cool. Didn't know about that.

Author: ## Without deepfreeze:
```mermaid
flowchart LR;
    id1[Bytecode cache __pycache__] --> id2[Unmarshal];
    id2 --> id3[Heap allocate code object];
    id3 --> id4[Evaluate];
```
----

## With deepfreeze:
```mermaid
flowchart LR;
    id1[Statically allocated code objects] --> id2[Evaluate];
```
----

> Python uses code objects to represent executable code for the interpreter
> which is allocated on heap by unmarshalling the bytecode. In Python 3.11,
> statically allocated code objects of the core modules are generated to speed up
> startup of interpreter by 10-15% as this process skips the unmarshalling phase.

Reviewer: OK, incorporating your explanation and summarising, WDYT about this?
PS. Linking to this for the `__pycache__` part would be good: [compiled-python-files](https://docs.python.org/3/tutorial/modules.html#compiled-python-files)
```suggestion
Python caches bytecode in the ``__pycache__`` directory to speed up module loading.
Python module execution looks like this:

``Read __pycache__ -> Unmarshal -> Heap allocated code object -> Evaluate``

In Python 3.11, the core modules essential for Python startup are "frozen".
This means that their code objects (and bytecode) are statically allocated
by the interpreter. This reduces the steps in module execution process to this:

``Statically allocated code object -> Evaluate``

Interpreter startup is now 10-15% in Python 3.11.
```

Author: Yes, if rst supported mermaid diagrams it would have been better.
